hey there geek is a dream my name is
sara rodriguez better known around the
web as sarah the rebel and I'm the
editor-in-chief of nerdy but flirty and
all girl geeking gaming website yeah I
said nerdy but flirty fight me about it
anyway today I'm going to tell you my
top five most anticipated indie games so
why am I telling you about indie games
well mostly because indie games are so
much more fun and have the opportunity
to be so much more creative than the
big-name games mostly because they can
take a lot of risk a lot of risks why
did they make that word people with a
lisp can't say risks very well anyway
basically you end up with a lot of stuff
that's really crazy and off the wall and
especially for somebody like me for whom
graphics are a really important part of
the gameplay you end up with these
gorgeous games so number five starting
us off is the banner saga by stoic
studios they picked a really good name
because this game looks so dark
basically you have a world that's kind
of like inspired by the Viking world
it's killer be killed and I was an
adventurer like you till I took an arrow
to the knee kind of thing and so it's a
turn-based strategy game where what
happens really matters when somebody
dies they're dead forever urgell is gone
he's never coming back Oh cat cameo
anyway really excited especially because
three of the developers are X Bioware
folks which means that the story-driven
RPG is going to really be that storage
urban and it's probably going to be a
terrible heart-wrenching story that
makes you cry later so I'm all about
that number 4 is as Tess a game by team
color blind um so interestingly I don't
know if they pick the name first or made
the game first whichever but this game
is black and white completely black and
white except for blood which is bright
red and I don't mean to get all excited
about it but it's pretty exciting and
looks really really cool it's kind of
got two aspects to it so the game is one
part world building where you try to
build this Empire to take down the
Spaniards when they come and try to tear
you all up and the other part is like a
brawler kind of like god of war or devil
may cry but it's set in a 2d background
and then for a super nerd like myself I
was really excited because it all looks
really authentic like the buildings look
really authentic
weapons look really authentic like move
that's actually the book I've read both
feels like I get excited okay um oh no
gorgeous game lots of blood very violent
it looks like my kind of beat-'em-up
number three on my list is tengami by
neum neum studios um oh I forgot to
mention it those other games are coming
out on pc and mac tengo me is coming out
on the pc mac and hopefully the wii u as
well as iOS apparently but tengami is
basically a game for anyone who loved
okami you are going to love to gobby
it's a game where you're a pop-up book
character and you're traveling through a
pop-up book and so the game player
actually things you would do in a book
like pulling a tab or flipping a page to
solve a puzzle and this game is when I
say gorgeous when I said gorgeous before
or if I say gorgeous again this game is
actually the definition of gorgeous you
play it and you feel like you are
transported to a forest where you can
hear the Wolves crying in the distance
and there's this beautiful flute going
on with a girl you don't even know this
game will take you to another world when
you play it number two on my list is
kind of the exact opposite of tank ami
its secret ponchos by switchblade
monkeys and so secret ponchos is a game
that took bits and pieces from the best
aspects of the different genres of games
so it's real time and it's it's smooth
and quick like a fighting game it's a
little tactical like a strategy RPG kind
of game and then it's just plain
shoot-'em-up fun like a first-person
shooter so basically if you like Wild
West shows if you like movies where the
guys squints design he reaches for his
guns with a little finger wiggle you
will love this game because you feel one
hundred percent like no other game has
this game captures at Wild West feel you
can pick a different character it
definitely changes how your game works
you can pick out a character that really
realized on quick moves a character that
relies on far away range moves or
character that relies on really close
melee attacks so you have all these
different choices for different gameplay
styles and it really is just competition
at its best you're running for to hide
by an outhouse and you're throwing your
dagger over here you got a shirt shoot
with the kid over there oh and they have
really cool names like the kid and
they're gonna have to really cool
looking female characters coming up so
pretty excited about them as well so
secret ponchos is actually making its
debut on the ps4 so congrats to them
because they really deserve it and now
drumroll please kitty cats drumroll
they're not they're not helping me at
the trouble my number one most
anticipated indie game is transistor by
the creators of Bastion supergiant games
so if you haven't heard a bastion you're
missing out but basically Bastion was
this amazing game and the studio kind of
had a really hard bar set and I'm
thinking that they're going to reach
that goal so in transistor you play red
female protagonist EA and you get this
sword that almost looks like a like a
something that should go into a computer
it's very sci-fi and you are traveling
through the city and at first I thought
it was going to be a platformer but it's
actually a strategy game because you
setup moves in advance and then can you
complete them it's complicated but
you'll see once you start playing it but
basically once again we have a game that
has beautiful graphics gorgeous music
sets a mood like when the narrator is
talking as you're riding your motorcycle
away you feel 110 percent like you are
this girl you don't know what's
happening what's going on where your
voice went and you were all alone and
you have no one to rely on but yourself
and it's just like ah so good anyway
what's your game that makes you do that
what's your top five games I make it go
are so good let me know in the comments
let me know you pics for indie games be
sure to like this video subscribe to
geek and sundry vlogs go watch some
other bloggers because you will be
surprised how much stuff you learn every
single day on geek and sundry vlogs and
hey if you like me you can check me out
of my website nerdy about flirty calm or
on twitter at Sarah the rebel have a
great tuesday and stay nerdy but